Clarified roles versus permissions usage (#3889)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/services-platform-sms-api.md

Using this handle, you can send and retrieve the SMS messages from Java by calling its functions.

### Assigning required permissions and roles {#assigning-required-roles}

> To use the SMS messaging API, the user must have the required permissions SMS_ADMIN and SMS_READ for sending and receiving messages respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the SMS messaging API, the user must have the ADMIN and READ permission for "SMS" (SMS_ADMIN and SMS_READ) for sending and receiving messages respectively.
```
